docs(CC): no arbitrary pins (#1783)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/coding-conventions.md

laze build fmt
```

## Applications (Tests and Examples)

All our applications (currently, that is tests and examples)
must be safe against damage on any board, including externally defined boards.
They may alter the state of the system (eg. write to on-board memory),
but must only drive GPIO pins based on board descriptions
(or, until those are comprehensive enough, hard-coded knowledge of that board).

Practically, this comes in two stages:

1. Driven pins must only be selected based on the board (and not, for example, on the MCU family).

>    This means that it is safe to run any application on any bare board (with no extra wiring / shields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This means that it is safe to run any application on any bare board (if no extra wiring / shields were added).
```

Make sure that the condition is about the board not *having* something added, and not about potentially *missing* something.

2. User accessible general-purpose pins must only used be used with some confirmation,
   either from automated testing or from manual input.

>    This means that it is safe to run any application on any bare board even if there are daughterboards

Reviewer: So, is a board with a daughterboard attached still a bare board?

You mean that an application needs some confirmation (in whatever way) if it might do anything that might break anything if a daughterboard is connected?

   (eg. shields, wings, capes, clicks, grove modules)
   are connected.

    > [!WARNING]
    > This requirement has been recently introduced,

>     > and may not be upheld by all applications yet.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved before "Practically," as this is also true for the first stage.

Reviewer 2: > he one commit that you asked above to be removed (changing the application) makes sure that we do the easy thing

As I've said in my first review, other applications (`tests/i2c-controller`, `tests/spi-main`, `tests/spi-loopback`, and maybe others) would need to be modified for us to actually abide by (1), and I think that's better done in a separate PR, which could be done *after* landing this with the warning moved (so that at least we have the policy from now on).

    There is no sharp definition of a general purpose pin.
    Some clear cases are the digital pins of an Arduino style shield (clearly general-purpose)
    and the I2C pins of a mikroBUS click (which are safe to drive in an I2C mode without extra checks).

Applications in group 2 usually require some external components,
sometimes just jumpers across some indicated pins,
for example in peripheral loopback tests.
Some means by which the application can adhere to this are:

> - using run-time indication (eg. reading a connected I2C EEPROM that confirms that some particular shield is connected),

Reviewer 2: Removing the hyphen makes it look less alien:
```suggestion
- using runtime indication (e.g., reading a connected I2C EEPROM that confirms that some particular shield is connected),
```
